moto passando: motorcycle going by... right now
POV: Point of view, it's pronounced letter by letter.
Low hanging fruit. The easier part.
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
Couch potato. When one is lazy as hell.
Swiss army knife (canivete suiço)
Tie the knot. When two people will get married.
Rule of thumb. What's needed to something be good, the rule of thumb.
When to bite his tongue. About when you should close your mouth, be quiet!
Happy hump day. It's said for wednesday: the middle finger of the week. Almost weekend.
To be under the water. Not feeling really wel.
This is the meet with potatoes. When something is the core, fundamental, what really matters.
To take something with a grain of salt. It means you're a little suspicious about it.
Easier said than done. When is easy to talk, but hard to get it done.
The cat is out of the bag. It means that the secret, or the important note had been said.
Wearing a lot of hats. When you're doing everything, a lot of things at the same time.
She wears his emotions on his sleeve. That means that the person is very transparent on his feelings.
Throw someone/somebody under the bus. Criticize, blame, or punish them, especially in order to avoid blame or gain an advantage.
Goodness graces great balls of fire. Same as oh my god in a very exaggerated way.
Cabin fever. Can be used to describe some symptoms of irritability and restlessness from living in isolation or a confined indoor area for a prolonged time.
Humblebrag. When someone is trying to brag about something in a humble way. Or something like that.
It's raining cats and dogs. It's raining a lot. Too much.
To beat around the bush. To speak vaguely or euphemistically so as to avoid talking directly about an unpleasant or sensitive topic.
Don't kill the messenger. When someone get angry with the one who brings the message.
A cup of joe. Same as a cup of coffee.
John Doe and Jen Doe. When we don't know the person identity.
An average Joe. A normal person.
In a nut shell. Same as to make a long story short.
To wine and dine. Means to treat someone as in a date and pay for it. Ex: I'm going to wine and dine that friend.
Netflix and chill. Means to watch netflix and relax, often used to sex!?
To be fed up. Means to be completelly full. Ex: I'm fed up with that situation.
Getting in the weeds. Means to go really deep into a subject.
To hit home. When a litle bulb goes up your head, when it's clear to you.
To sleep on it. To take some time to think about something before making a decision.
To be hooked on something. When you like something so much that you becomes addicted to it.
So far so good? Is the same as asking everything is going well.
Every now and then. When you do something ocasionally.
Feeling like a sheep. When you do something you regret, and you're feeling embarased. 
